[Terraform] Updates to align with PCX content strategy (#2238)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/terraform/src/content/tutorial/configure-https-settings.md

---
title: 3 – Configure HTTPs settings
order: 3
pcx-content-type: tutorial
---

# Configure HTTPs settings

After proxying a basic website through Cloudflare, you can use Terraform to adjust some of the settings on your zone. In this tutorial, you will configure some optional HTTPS settings and then push the updated configuration to GitHub for posterity.

You will use a new git branch for the changes and then merge it into master before applying. On a team, you might consider using this step as an opportunity for others to review your change before merging and deploying it. You can also integrate Terraform into your CI/CD system to perform tests automatically using another Cloudflare domain.

## 1. Create a new branch and append the new zone settings

> In this step, modify the Terraform configuration to enable the following settings: [TLS 1.3](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning-resources/tls-1-3/), [Always Use HTTPS](https://blog.cloudflare.com/how-to-make-your-site-https-only/), [Strict SSL mode](https://blog.cloudflare.com/introducing-strict-ssl-protecting-against-a-man-in-the-middle-attack-on-origin-traffic/), and the [Cloudflare WAF](https://www.cloudflare.com/waf/). Strict mode requires a valid SSL certificate on your origin, so be sure to use the [Cloudflare Origin CA](https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-ca-encryption-origin/) to generate one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this step, modify the Terraform configuration to enable the following settings: [TLS 1.3](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/227172348), [Always Use HTTPS](https://blog.cloudflare.com/how-to-make-your-site-https-only/), [Strict SSL mode](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ssl/origin-configuration/ssl-modes#strict), and the [Cloudflare WAF](https://developers.cloudflare.com/waf/). Strict mode requires a valid SSL certificate on your origin, so be sure to use the [Cloudflare Origin CA](https://developers.cloudflare.com/ssl/origin-configuration/origin-ca) to generate one.
```
